Fix `error_reporting` value not evaluated on the moment of the error being reported by default (#1196)
getsentry/sentry-php: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Fix `error_reporting()` not being evaluated when handling errors when the `error_types` option is not set (#1196)

Reviewer: I think we should clarify this better, with something like this:
```suggestion
- Changes behaviour of `error_types` option when not set: before it defaulted to `error_reporting()` statically at SDK initialization; now it will be evaluated each time during error handling to allow silencing error temporary dynamically (#1196)
```

Author: Sounds pretty good 👍
